[HEARTBEAT]
[MR. DUTTON]
We're cutting your funding, Bryce.
[BRYCE]
I'm sorry, you want to try that again in English?
[MR. DUTTON]
We allotted you those funds
to build three children's hospitals.
Instead you built TEN PRISONS!
[BRYCE]
They're cheaper!
And kids just suck!
[MR. DUTTON]
I'm sorry Bryce, but we are cutting
your
FUNDING!!
[BRYCE]
I heard you the first time, I just didn't agree.
Now unless you have anything positive to say
about my looks...
I don't see any reason for this to continue.
[DONOVAN]
Ma'am...
We have the charity meeting in 30.
[BRYCE]
You hear that?
I goddamn do charity!
[MR. DUTTON]
Yeah, for people with what?
Insider info?!
[DONOVAN]
Cancer.
[MR. DUTTON]
Oh...
Well...
Still...
You're not getting another CENT from my company!
Try anything and you'll see me in court!
[BRYCE]
Donovan, our investor has just crossed a line.
[MR. DUTTON]
What are you doing?!
Call him off me, you monster!
[BRYCE]
No, you see, a monster would
NOT tell your wife and kids
where your body can be found tonight.
But because I'm such a caring person,
your kids can rest easy knowing
their daddy never abandoned them.
[MR. DUTTON]
No! Wait! Please!
HAVE A HEART!
[BRYCE]
I do have a heart, Mr. Dutton...
and it is about as
large as your
PENIS.
Get me cleaned up, Donovan.
I wanna look like I give a
shit at that cancer thing.
[ANTHONY PADILLA]
She's one of THE most influential CEOs
in all of American history...
...but is she more than a corporate sex icon?
[BRYCE]
ACTIVATE THE BEYONCÉ!
[ANTHONY PADILLA]
The internet is absolutely
obsessed with this woman.
There isn't a tikker or a tokker
who doesn't wish to one day be
Bryce Tankthrust.
[BRYCE CACKLES]
And she might not be YOUR president...
but she certainly was America's.
[BRYCE]
How's this for a stimulus package, America?
...I said it on tape!
[JOE BIDEN]
Show the tape, put it on your website.
[BRYCE]
Oh, you mean eatmyassjoe.org?
Stay tuned, poor people!
[BRYCE LAUGHS]
[ANTHONY PADILLA]
And let's not forget that she just
got married to horny terrorist
Bobby Worst.
The evil-weds were recently spotted
honeymooning at North Korean Pride...
And rumor has it, a literal heart has started
growing inside that empty void of a chest.
Will she retain that evil
edge that's gotten her so far...
or will she now start going SOFT?
[BRYCE]
I'm cutting your funding :D
[THE CRAB LADY]
I'm... sorry?
[THE CRAB GUY]
You said you wanted to help us.
[BRYCE]
Well, I didn't think you'd live this long.
[THE CRAB GUY]
I'm sorry, you thought we were DYING?
[BRYCE]
Look, I don't know how cancer works.
[THE CRAB LADY]
Ma'am...
We don't have cancer.
This is a charity for people
born June through July 22nd.
[THE CRAB GUY]
Your money goes to the mental health of Cancers
who are bullied simply for being a crab.
[BRYCE]
Wait, hold on, are you fucking kidding me?
I've been dumpin' cash into this
glory hole for how many years?
[THE CRAB GUY]
It's been 9 months, ma'am.
[BRYCE]
Shut the fuck up you crab, that was rhetorical.
Look, with the money I'm
saving with whatever this is,
you people should be happy to
know that I'm going to build my
11TH PRISON!
[THE CRAB LADY]
What happened to you in your
childhood to make you such...
a monster?
[BRYCE]
What happened in your
childhood that made you so poor?
[THE CRAB LADY]
No no, I'm actually asking...
Why are you like this?
[BRYCE]
What, you mean "good with my money"?
I started learning frugality
the very day I was born...
[DOCTOR]
The head's too big, ma'am!
[TAMMY]
Well what do you want me to do about it?
[DOCTOR]
We're gonna need to perform a C-section.
[TAMMY]
What's that gonna set me back?
[DOCTOR]
Ma'am, you NEED this.
[TAMMY]
Well that means expensive...
[BABY WAILS]
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
My mother always knew the
value in pinching a penny...
She was a con artist, you see,
and a damn good one.
By the time I was 10, she decided it was...
[TAMMY]
Time you finally grew up!
Today, I'm gonna teach you
the Double Diva Diversion!
[THE CRAB GUY]
The Diva...
[BRYCE]
The DOUBLE Diva
[TAMMY]
Diversion, yes!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
Her mother and her performed it,
and now she and I got to.
[TAMMY GIGGLES]
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
The maneuver consisted of one
person distracting an individual
often by flirting, while the
other person robs them blind.
I don't know why she called
it the "Double" Diva Diversion
'cause it was apparent only one
of us was allowed to BE the diva.
She was the beautiful distraction,
and I was the petty thief
who lived in her shadow.
Of course, I justified it as a means to live;
we were just keeping the lights on, that's all!
But what I would have given just
to be that distraction just for once...
...just to have men look at me
the way they looked at her...
I was willing to get that validation
from anyone willing to give it to me.
[BRYCE]
Who is that?
[BOBBY]
JUST THROW IT!
[MELONY]
That's Bobby, he's new.
I heard he goes to therapy
and he doesn't have parents.
[BOBBY]
OW WE'RE NOT PLAYING FRISBEE! :ᗡ
[MELONY]
Yeah, someone pooped his Valentine's box...
[STACEY]
So far, no one likes him.
[BRYCE]
Good.
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
It was obvious he needed to be saved
far more than I needed the validation,
[BRYCE]
but...
I don't know,
sometimes I wonder who was saving who that day.
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
Even in that moment, I knew I was living through
the pinnacle of ten-year-old rom-coms.
That is, of course, until my friends
showed up and screwed the pooch.
[MELONY]
Ew, I told you they were friends.
[BOBBY]
Why don't you shut up, Melony?
[MELONY]
You shut up, you ass-haver!
[BRYCE]
Melony, you have an ass too.
[MELONY]
You would know, pervert!
[STACEY]
Ew, you're a pervert?!
[MELONY]
Ew, gross!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
We were perfect for each other...
and soon, he became the only
thought that occupied my
—oh shit, I forgot about this.
[BRYCE GETS STRANGLED]
[TAMMY]
I can tell you're getting distracted.
You're not focusing on that school shit, are you?
[BRYCE]
Of course not, mother,
you know I detest learning about this world.
[TAMMY]
Good. Because the world does not look
out for girls like you and me Brycey...
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
As the bitch droned on,
all I could think about was Bobby...
[BOBBY, DRESSED AS TAMMY]
...you're not a beauty...
...you're not a great beauty like me!
What are you gonna do when you grow up?
You gotta use your brains!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
...and the more I thought about
him, the more I felt this
strange throbbing feeling
inside my little chest.
In that moment, I knew
my heart was his.
[BRYCE STABS HERSELF]
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
It was the most alive that little
goblin-girl had ever felt...
...for about 20 minutes.
[BOBBY]
You don't look so good.
[BRYCE]
I guess that's love...
[BOBBY]
No, that's not love; we gotta find
a doctor and put this back in you.
[BRYCE]
Yeah, on whose dime?
And what am I supposed to do?
Just come home and say, "Hey Mom, I fell in love
with a boy you don't know and now I ripped my
heart out for the motherfucker and now I
need to get it sewn back into my chest
immediately before I die!"
[TAMMY]
You did WHAT to your new uniform?
[BOBBY]
Did you not hear a word your daughter just said?
She needs a hospital!
[TAMMY]
No, what she needs is to
stay away from boys like you!
[BOBBY]
eeumphMMPPH!! >:(
[BRYCE]
Just go home, Bobby.
[BOBBY]
I don't have a home...
Yeah, or parents...
I don't...
I...
...have nothing.
[TAMMY]
Awwwwwww...
[BOBBY]
No! Wait! Wait wait wait wait!
Wait! No no no no!
NOOO! No! Wait, I'll be gooood!
[BRYCE]
Bobby...
[BRYCE FAINTS]
[TAMMY]
Ugh, stop being so dramatic!
[PAUL]
Oh shit!
The surgery was a success!
[BRYCE]
Surgery? What the...
Oh shit, I've never seen the inside
of a real doctor's office before.
[PAUL]
And you still haven't!
I'm technically not a real "doctor".
[TAMMY]
Honey, you know Paul from up the street!
[BRYCE]
The mortician?
[TAMMY]
Hey! You be grateful!
This little surgery is costing me an h-job!
[PAUL]
...you promised a b-job.
[TAMMY]
If she lives first.
[BRYCE]
Okay hold on—how long is this gonna last me?
[PAUL]
It could last you a lifetime,
or that thing could pop tonight.
It all depends on your ability to avoid
stress, anger, scary movies...
anxiety, frustration...
to avoid most people...
[TAMMY]
Oh, by the way, I canceled your membership
to that little club you're always at.
[BRYCE]
You mean school?
[TAMMY]
Bingo!
It's you and me, baby!
Full time, pickpocketin'!
And don't pull any of your bullshit!
[MRS. HURLEY]
Hi, Tammy!
[TAMMY]
Mrs. Hurley!
We gotta stop meeting like this!
People are gonna think you're
stalking me, you little pervo! ;)
Now, I'm gonna continue charming
Ol' Lady Long-Tits over there
while you gut her purse like a good little girly.
So how's the fam-tamily?
[MRS. HURLEY]
Still dead.
[TAMMY]
Fantastic!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
I found it was easier to simply
shut up and do what I was told,
so that's what I did.
[TAMMY]
Wow! That outfit's amazing!
[STORE OWNER]
Thank you so much!
[TAMMY]
Oh my god, take it off your body!
You should be a model!
[STORE OWNER]
Oh, great!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
Despite her many reassurances
that I was the most
[TAMMY]
important part of
this operation, except for me!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
I knew I was pretty enough
to be the diversion.
She just didn't want to be
upstaged by her own daughter.
[TAMMY FAKES A FALL]
[LOCAL TWINK]
Oh my god!
[TAMMY]
I hit my head! I can't see!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
Thievery wasn't our only pastime.
We worked out together...
Ate meals together...
(Well, for about 5 minutes.)
[TAMMY]
It's been 5 minutes!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
...then right back to workin' off together.
That is, until one fateful commercial break.
[VOICE ON TV]
PAY ATTENTION
[TAMMY]
Shhhhhut the fuck up!
[BRYCE]
I didn't say anything, mother.
[TAMMY]
But you were going to.
[BRYCE]
ok :/
[SINGER ON TV]
🎵 What's portable? 🎵
🎵 And mostly cancer-free? 🎵
🎵 They're CELL PHONES! 🎵
🎵 It's WIRELESS TECHNOLOGY! 🎵
[FITCHELL HORNBORN (ON TV)]
Hi, I'm Fitchell Hornborn!
Founder of these fuckin' phones!
Do you got someone to call,
but also somewhere to be?
Call now and get yourself a warranty!
We'll replace ANY phone
that's lost, damaged, eaten or inserted
FOR FREE!
[TAMMY]
Free?
[FITCHELL HORNBORN (ON TV)]
That's right, FREE!
[DONOVAN]
Thank you for calling Callco Phones.
How may I direct you?
[TAMMY]
I would like my phone replaced, please!
[DONOVAN]
Alright, I just need your name, please.
[TAMMY]
Addison Adderall.
[DONOVAN]
I feel like I've heard that name before...
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[DONOVAN]
Oh I know who you are,
you filthy fucking con artist.
You're "Tacky Tammy the Taker".
[TAMMY]
Why do they call me— her that?
[DONOVAN]
Because of how tacky your disguises are.
[TAMMY]
Those are my normal clothes, you DICK!
Brycey!
Get me my White Pages!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
You see, nobody pissed off
my mother without getting their
home address looked up and broken into.
Except this victim already
[TAMMY]
knows my face.
I'm gonna need you to take the lead on this one.
Can you do it?
[BRYCE]
I won't let you down, mother.
[TAMMY]
Mmm, good.
[BRYCE]
Hi! I'm with the Jesus and God Church wondering if
you have a little bit of time
to be a little bit saved today?
[DONOVAN]
Well that's very kind of you, but I'm
actually part of a church and I don't
have any plans on leaving, but
thank you very much though.
[BRYCE]
Wait, maybe... ma- maybe
you'd like to... um...
go out sometime?
[DONOVAN]
Like on a date?
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
I couldn't think of a damn thing to say.
Not 'cause I was dumb, but because I was panicking.
My head was spinning, my heart was racing,
and my hand was... writing?
And all I could get out
were three shitty words:
[BRYCE]
Here's my number!
[DONOVAN LAUGHS]
[BRYCE]
BYE!
[TAMMY]
I don't like you fraternizing with the enemy...
[BRYCE]
Why don't you want me to just be happy, mother?
[TAMMY]
'Cause I'm your mother!
And happiness = DISTRACTION!
And we have a store to rob,
bright and early tomorrow morning, 9AM.
[BRYCE]
I'm not distracted, mother,
I'm just excited for tomorrow's heist is all.
There's a lot of brands that store that...
I... I'm sorry, did we steal
PERSONAL photographs from him, mother?
[TAMMY]
I took whatever fit in the bag!
[BRYCE]
These are PERSONAL items, mother.
Now you're just being a bitch!
[PHONE RINGS]
[TAMMY]
And?
[BRYCE]
Tankthrusters!
[DONOVAN]
Hey, is this the girl that was just at my house?
[TAMMY]
Hey! These shoulders aren't gonna rub themselves!
[BRYCE]
No, I'm sorry tha–tha–tha–
tha—that was just the TV.
[TAMMY]
Don't ruin the face!
Face is my fortune.
[DONOVAN]
I'm sorry if this is a bad time,
I can call back later.
[BRYCE]
No it's a great time! It's always
a great time here at the Church of...
Wherever I Said I Was From.
How are you doing?
[DONOVAN]
Well, uh... not great.
Umm, someone broke into my house and
stole the only photo I had of my old dog.
[BRYCE]
Oh n— you d...
That's terrible. You don't say—
well, who would that?
[DONOVAN]
Anyway, it got me thinking about you and...
Well, the work you do saving others and...
[BRYCE]
Oh.
Good...
Yeah...
[DONOVAN]
You know, there's just not that many people
like you left in the world, and...
I just...
...um...
[BRYCE]
Well, you what?
[DONOVAN]
I... uh... just...
...wanted to take you up
on that offer of maybe...
going out sometime?
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
In my head I was going "hmm..."
[TAMMY]
Hey!
I can still hear you being happy in there!
[BRYCE]
What are you doing right now?
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
I don't think I'd ever gotten
ready faster in my whole life.
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
And for the first time in over a decade...
I enjoyed my-fucking-self.
[MUSIC]
[BRYCE]
I had fun tonight.
Thank you.
[DONOVAN]
Hey.
I didn't get your name, by the way.
[BRYCE]
I'm Bryce.
[DONOVAN]
I'm Donovan.
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
"Donovan". Oh, God, something
about that name just HITS.
[TAMMY]
Why are you still sleeping, you LAZY BITCH!??
I love your makeup! I have to get 'em,
tell me it's in the store or I'm gonna die!
[STORE OWNER]
Is she okay?
[BRYCE SNORES]
[TAMMY]
I knew it! You're getting distracted.
[BRYCE]
I'm not getting distracted.
[TAMMY]
You met a boy!
[BRYCE]
I have not!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
Say what you will, I was telling the God's truth,
because I did not meet a boy...
I met a fucking MAN.
And I did it again...
...and again!
And before we knew it,
we were doing EVERYTHING together.
Shit, he even started bringing me
to his place of employment!
[DONOVAN]
Welcome to my place of employment.
[BRYCE]
Wow, I... I love your place of employment!
[FITCHELL HORNBORN]
Donovan, YOU'RE LATE!
[DONOVAN]
I... I'm sorry, sir, I j—
[FITCHELL HORNBORN]
Who is THIS lovely can of hairspray?
[DONOVAN]
This is, uh... my...
...girlfriend.
[FITCHELL HORNBORN]
Fitchell Hornborn. Big dick, bigger phones.
[BRYCE]
Oh, I know who you are, Mr. Hornborn.
[FITCHELL HORNBORN]
You keep bringing this bitch around,
I might just give you a raise!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
And that's how I learned
to get by 90% of the corporate world.
[TAMMY]
You better be dead, or you will be!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
The thought of making money legitimately
never crossed my mind till that moment.
[LOCAL TWINK]
Excuse me, what the hell
do you think you're doing?!
[TAMMY]
HEY! HEY!
You're too ugly to touch my d– sister!
[LOCAL TWINK GASPS]
[BRYCE]
You know, I ran the numbers, and we
could actually be making more money
if we went and got jobs.
[TAMMY]
Did you know how shitty it would be
to work for someone else?
[BRYCE]
Well, you gotta start
somewhere... and who knows?
Maybe one day, we'll be the ones
people answer to, mother.
[TAMMY]
Jobs are for suckers.
They never let women run anything.
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
I knew right away that was a lie...
'Cause someone was letting her
run that damn mouth.
[DELORIO]
Attention!
Mr. Hornborn would like to offer you
a promotion today at noon.
Congratulations, Donovan.
[BRYCE]
Well, holy shit, look at you
climbing up that ladder!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
And that ladder soon became my obsession.
[BRYCE]
...and on the other side, we have
penises and boners, and THAT'S why
we only have two genders!
[DONOVAN]
Wow, you're really progressive;
maybe I should get a Bible.
[BRYCE]
You know, Donovan, I...
I think it's time I gave you
something I've been holding on to...
[DONOVAN]
Thank you!
I'm sorry I didn't get you anything.
[BRYCE]
Well, y– you know... this is my way of s—
You have opened my eyes
to a new way of living,
a better way of living,
of making a—
of EARNING a living and I—
[DONOVAN]
What the FUCK is this?
[BRYCE]
In my head, that was going
to take you longer to open.
[DONOVAN]
Did you steal this from my house?
[BRYCE]
Well, worse. I actually was the
diversion while that was stolen.
[DONOVAN]
You're friends with "Tacky Tammy"?
[BRYCE]
Eh, worse. I came out of "Tacky Tammy".
[DONOVAN]
Wait, so you mean ALL of this is just payback
because I wouldn't give your mom a free phone?
[BRYCE]
Well, it's a RESULT of that,
but it's not the whole caboodle!
And how DARE you think my mom's CLEVER
enough to pull off a heist THAT complicated!
I FUCKED YOU!
[DONOVAN]
Yeah, well, I thought I was being
fucked by a decent church girl!
[BRYCE]
Church girls don't NEED to be fucked
because they ALREADY are!
And BESIDES, I don't need church to be DECENT.
I'm doing the decent thing now, AREN'T I?
[GLASS SHATTERS]
[DONOVAN]
What else are you lying about?
[BRYCE]
Oh, don't go making me out to be some
kind of LIAR just 'cause I don't tell the truth.
[DONOVAN]
Are you even WITH the Jesus and God Church?
[BRYCE]
I'm not even with Jesus OR God!
[DONOVAN]
Were you ever even with me?
[BRYCE]
Of course I was– I– I am with you, Donovan.
And you really have taught me
a better way of living...
[DONOVAN SLIPS AND SCREAMS]
[BRYCE]
...I just don't see a future
without you in it at this point.
This is where you say... something, anything...
Donovan...
Don—
DONOVAN!!
Donovan!
no...
ohmygod no no no no no... donovan...
donovan helloo–ooh my god
you are dead
dead
dead oh my god you are so dead
you are one of the most dead people i've ever...
[STRANGER 1]
Hey! Is there someone over there?!
[STRANGER 2]
I think there's someone over there!
[BRYCE]
NO!!!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
Right about this point, I was shittin' my tights.
I mean, what was I supposed to do?
How was I supposed to break this to my mother?
[BRYCE]
Long story short: I hiked all the way back—on foot—
from the bottom of a cliff a man fell off of—
who I've been secretly dating
behind your back—his head popped off!
And while I'm trying not to blame myself
for his death, I know the police probably will!
[TAMMY]
You did WHAT to your new shoes?
[BRYCE]
Mother, listen. To what. I'm saying!
This life of crime is getting us into seriously hot water!
[TAMMY]
NO!!!
What you did going behind my BACK got us into
hot water! And this "life of crime" that you
so belittle is the ONLY thing we have to go on,
and that's the only thing we're ever gonna HAVE!
WHAT THE FUCK
do you want, officer?
[LOCAL TWINK]
That's her. That's the one that called me ugly.
[OFFICER]
Is this true, ma'am?
[TAMMY]
Officer, look at him.
Ow! My daughter actually killed someone tonight,
and you're arresting me?!
Ow! I don't like it like that, stop it!
[ANCHOR]
Shoplifter and petty thief
Tammy Tankthrust has been arrested tonight...
...spotted by a local twink who claims:
"I won't let anyone be rude to me again!"
[TAMMY ON TV]
I really screwed up Brycey, and I'm sorry.
I was a terrible mother.
I should have had us rob
WAY prettier people, way RICHER people.
We should have killed ALL the witnesses, left nobody.
But now here I am, suffering the
consequences of being too nice.
Don't let your heart get any weaker.
...I think I'm stuck.
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
To whom it may concern,
my name is Bryce Tankthrust.
It has come to my attention that a position has
recently been made available at your company.
I believe I have what it takes to fill
not just the void in your office,
but the one in your heart.
I am a woman of solid ethics
and I intend to be a valuable asset
to your company through
hard work and good judgment.
--  --
[BEATRICE]
OH, SHIT! WE MISSED THE EPISODE!
Don't cry...
I heard she's bringing a live version
of this show to these cities!
And so are you!
YOU'RE COMING TO THE
FUCKING SHOW, ASSHOLE!
[TV30 JINGLE]
BRYCE: EPISODE ONE | A TV30 PRESENTATION | EN-US SUBTITLES
ORIGINAL SUBTITLES BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)ADDITONAL SYNCING + TWEAKS BY ERYMANTHUS | U/RAYDEEUX
QUESTIONS? CONCERNS? https://github.com/raydeeux/hotbananastud-fansubs
SUBTITLES EDITED USING VISUAL STUDIO CODE AND ZARCHIVER
SUBTITLES TESTED ON VLC MEDIA PLAYER FOR WINDOWS 10 AND ANDROID 13
ORIGINAL CHARCTERS BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO RESPECTIVE OWNERS.
ORIGINAL VIDEO: https://youtube.com/embed/MXSFvB0djXM
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER THE TERMS OF THE OPEN DATABASE LICENSE:
http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/.
FOR A PLAIN LANGUAGE SUMMARY, SEE BELOW:
https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/summary/